update Rancher UI insatallation steps to also accomodate  upgrades (#333)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/getting-started/install-on-clusters/rancher-ui.mdx

1. [Provision a RKE2 cluster using Calico as CNI and default config options](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/pages-for-subheaders/launch-kubernetes-with-rancher)
2. Validate the RKE2 cluster is setup and running.
3. Open a `kubectl` shell in the Rancher UI for the cluster under consideration, and perform the remaining steps in it.

> 4. Annotate the Calico HelmChart with `helmcharts.helm.cattle.io/unmanaged=true`. This is to avoid Rancher resetting the CNI to Calico, when the RKE2 cluster is either shutdown or upgraded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Annotate the Calico HelmChart with `helmcharts.helm.cattle.io/unmanaged=true`. This avoids Rancher resetting the CNI to Calico when the RKE2 cluster is either shut down or upgraded.
```

   ```batch
   kubectl annotate helmchart -n kube-system rke2-calico helmcharts.helm.cattle.io/unmanaged=true
   ```
5. SSH to all the Control plane nodes and rename `rke2-calico.yaml` in the `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/manifests/` directory to `rke2-calico.yaml.skip`.
   ```batch
   sudo mv /var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/manifests/rke2-calico.yaml /var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/manifests/rke2-calico.yaml.skip
   ```

> 6. Patch the Calico `Installation` resource to remove image path prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Patch the Calico `Installation` resource to remove the image path prefix.
```
